fix(source-recharge): fix primary key for `shop` stream (#39491)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/recharge-migrations.md

# Recharge Migration Guide

## Upgrading to 2.0.0

> This is a breaking change for **Shop** stream, which used `[shop, store]` fields as pk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a breaking change for **Shop** stream, which used `[shop, store]` fields as a primary key.
```

> This version introduces changing of pk from `[shop, store]`(type: object, object) to pk `id`(type: integer), as it makes stream compatible with destinations that do not support complex primary keys(e.g. BigQuery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version introduces changing of primary key from `[shop, store]`(type: object, object) to primary key `id`(type: integer), as it makes stream compatible with destinations that do not support complex primary keys(e.g. BigQuery).
```
